the quiz question
from which fiction series side does the girl
that this man plays he has it too
composes quiz me quick as your own
are a fan Sunday after the broadcast can
the soundtrack free is now rattling
to download
then a school gesture is composer aram
van ballaert
hey sarge the soundtrack gets bigger than
the set was made for is think of
twin peaks
because that i would still bomb a man here
quiz me quick 'that he absolutely has to
come
how important is music in a series
the TV did leave first place with
of course music into the characters
support the story
the great thing about music is that it is whole
suggestions so it can sometimes be the
put people on the wrong track or
side anticipate some things but
and like the
the examples you give angelo
badalamenti music has differences yes
for greenpeace that music that in itself
actually quite alienating is a whole
has a lot of dark character and is ready
then an incredible not become so
i went that it
can hitch each other and how do you get started
You have to make that series your test
in poland power remains absolute
hanging is going to stay there
how do you start it you must all those
actors see the script lasering actresses
touched there is especially no it is that
I first had the script cut
I first contacted by very
dorian that during the director at that
never heard and play my own
become beans that are as there is
an opportunity and so I have it
script to get from bart de pauw and
that is such a beautiful and cleverly written
script that that actually close
melodies
so worries came and that is there
I am going to read you a and yes that
inspires so I am very common
to improvise about so I have something
I read at that time
happened to be the filet of a daughter
a
and then came means you see that
indicator there recognizable dessert there
just out
which are about to have a piece
play which right
arms to was also a figure that I
basically what a me had that for
I read it because it is a whole
tormented figure is one
drinking problem has no problem for him and
will also be in the next episode and also
be clear what is in it
life is empty
there is even more yes I am going there
not by but it is actually a and
yes also how he plays a tough biesta
is unbelievable is also on the actors
when I paste the images of Jan Mathijs
on the actors like liesa naert like me
who just say her face and then
directly actually it is inspired
every one and a coincidence
I just want to hear I'll go with you
send to you as another
forget you i don't get married a whole lot more
consider lace in detail forbids
ok ladies and gentlemen
we are going to listen to armar that drunk
shall we name from the hand of
the ensemble of aram van ballaert
men
swimming with sharks mountain